Terms of Service
1. Terms

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License

    Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Technic's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
        modify or copy the materials;
        use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
        remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
        transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
    This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Technic at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

3. Disclaimer

    The materials on Technic's web site are provided "as is". Technic makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Technic does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

4. Limitations

In no event shall Technic or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Technic's Internet site, even if Technic or a Technic authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on Technic's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Technic does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Technic may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Technic does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links

Technic has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Technic of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications

Technic may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law

Any claim relating to Technic's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Modpack Terms
General Rules

    Inactive modpacks might be removed without notification.
        This refers to any modpack that has not been updated and downloaded in a period of time. This period of time is up to the Platform staff.
        Modpacks that have not been updated but are still working and being actively downloaded will not be removed.
    Modpacks with broken URLs or Solder links may be temporarily locked or deleted to prevent users from having problems with the Platform or the Technic Launcher.
    Modpacks abusing the system in any way (forcing rankings or ratings) will be immediately removed and the user banned from the Platform.
    Modpacks are forbidden from using any adf.ly (or similar) links in their descriptions or anywhere on their modpack pages.
    Technic reserves the right to remove any modpack without notification or without disclosing the reason as to why the modpack is being removed.

Modpack Names & Descriptions

    Modpack names and descriptions may not have any vulgar or offensive language. Breaking this term will result in a permanent ban from the Platform.
    Modpack names that have any official Technic modpack names will be immediately removed. (ex. Technic/Tekkit/Hexxit/Attack of the B-Team/any others)
    Modpacks submitted under the name of another already established modpack name will be removed.
        This includes modpacks on and off the Platform.
        It's fine to base your modpack on another, but do not use the other modpack's title in your own.
        Modpacks breaking this term will be deleted without notification.

Permissions

    It is the modpack creator's responsbility to gather permissions from the modders.
    Creating a modpack directly in spite of a modder's wishes in a way to solely create drama will not be tolerated.
        This includes insulting modders or permissions in any way in your modpack title or descriptions.

Modpack Statuses & Updates

    As with titles and descriptions, using the status system in anyway deemed offensive or vulgar will result in your modpack being terminated without notification and a permanent ban from the Platform.

Technic reserves the right to change these terms at any point without notification. You can always access these terms by visiting our Terms of Service page.
